Title: Publications
Heading: Publications
Subheading:(Update: Dec. 2017)


1.	Zeng, Q.\*, Cui, Z.\*, ___Wang, J.___\*, Childs, K., Sundin, G., Cooley, D., Yang, C., Garofalo, E., Eaton, A., Huntley, R., Yuan, X., Schultes, N. 2017 Comparative genomics of Spiraeoideae-infecting Erwinia amylovora strains revealed higher genetic diversity and suggested an origin of global dispersal Molecular Plant Pathology In press (* co-first author) __[link](http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/mpp.12647/full)__
2.	Roth, M. G., Noel, Z. A., __Wang, J.__, Byrne, A. M., Kramer, D. M., Chilvers, M. I. 2017 Assessment and utilization of risk factors in predicting soybean yield and sudden death syndrome development Plant Disease Accepted with revision
3.	Noel, Z.A., __Wang, J.__ Chilvers, M.I. Submitted Jun 20, 2017. Guidelines for accurate EC50 estimation for fungal and oomycete plant pathogens. Plant Disease in press
4.	Edger, P., VanBuren, R., Colle, M., Poorten, T., Wai, C., Niederhuth, C., Alger, E., Ou, S., Acharya, C., __Wang, J.__, Callow, P., McKain, M., Shi, J., Collier, C., Xiong, Z., Mower, J., Slovin, J., Hytönen, T., Jiang, N., Childs, K., Knapp, S. 2017 Single-molecule sequencing and optical mapping yields an improved genome of woodland strawberry (Fragaria vesca) with chromosome-scale contiguity GigaScience Accepted with revision
5.	Zeng, Q\*, __Wang, J.__\*, Bertels, F., Giordano P., Chilvers, M., Huntley, R., Vargas, J., Sundin, G., Jacobs, J., and Yang, Q. 2017 Recombination of Virulence Genes in Divergent Acidovorax avenae Strains That Infect a Common Host. Molecular Plant-Microbe Interactions 30:10 pp. 813-828 (* co-first author)
6.	Patel, R. R., Sundin, G. W., Yang, C.H., __Wang, J.__, Huntley, R. B., Yuan, X, and Zeng, Q. (2017) Antisense peptide nucleic acid (PNA)-cell penetrating peptide (CPP) causes bactericidal effect in the fire blight pathogen Erwinia amylovora. Frontiers in Microbiology. 8:687. doi: 10.3389/fmicb.2017.00687
7.	__Wang, J.__, Bradley, C., Stenzel, O., Pedersen, D., Reuter-Carllson, U., and Chilvers, M. I. 2017 Baseline sensitivity of Fusarium virguliforme to fluopyram fungicide, Plant Disease 101:576-582
8.	__Wang, J.__, and Chilvers, M. I. 2016 Development and characterization of microsatellite markers for Fusarium virguliforme and their utility within clade 2 of the Fusarium solani species complex. Fungal Ecology 20:7-14
9.	__Wang, J.__, Jacobs, J. L., Byrne, J. M., and Chilvers, M. I. 2015 Improved diagnoses and quantification of Fusarium virguliforme, causal agent of soybean sudden death syndrome. Phytopathology 105(3):378-87
10.	Kandel, Y.R., Haudenshield, J.S., Srour, A.Y., Islam, K.T., Fakhoury, A.M., Santos, P., __Wang, J.__, Chilvers, M.I., Hartman, G.L., Malvick, D.K. and Floyd, C.M., 2015. Multilaboratory Comparison of Quantitative PCR Assays for Detection and Quantification of Fusarium virguliforme from Soybean Roots and Soil. Phytopathology 105(12), pp.1601-1611.
11.	Chilvers, M.I., Warner, F.W., Jacobs, J.L. and __Wang, J.__  2011 Efficacy of nematicide and fungicide seed treatments for soybean cyst nematode and soybean sudden death syndrome in Michigan, Plant Disease Management Reports. Report No. 6:ST003
12.	Wu Z., __Wang, J.__, Xie W., Chen Y., and Wang Z. 2011 Poaceae endophyte research 15: optimization protoplast preparation and regeneration for the Poaceae endophyte Epichloe yanzii, Jiangsu Agric. Sci., 40(2):17-20
